doc news: add 4.0.3 entry (#424)
pgroonga/pgroonga.github.io: news/index.md

# News

## 4.0.3: 2025-09-30 {#version-4-0-3}

### Improvements

#### Added support for PostgreSQL 18

We now provided packages for PostgreSQL 18.

#### [[Debian][debian]] Added support for Debian GNU/Linux trixie

> We now provided packages for Debian GNU/Linux trixie.

Author: ```suggestion
We now provide packages for Debian GNU/Linux trixie.
```
```suggestion
The packages for Debian GNU/Linux trixie is now available.
```

Author: ```
The package for Debian GNU/Linux trixie is now available.
```

#### [[AlmaLinux][almalinux]] Added support for AlmaLinux 10 package

We now provided official RPM packages for AlmaLinux 10.

#### [[AlmaLinux][almalinux]] Added support for PostgreSQL 14 with AlmaLinux 9 package

> PGroonga packaged for PostgreSQL 14 with AlmaLinux 9 had not been provied.

Author: When we want to use the past perfect, we need the past tense.
 
```suggestion
PGroonga for PostgreSQL 14 on AlmaLinux 9 wasn’t available. It’s available now
```
```suggestion
Previously, we didn’t provide a PGroonga package for PostgreSQL 14 on AlmaLinux 9. It’s now available.
```
